oh please episode is sponsored by
expressvpn your online activity
shouldn't be public protect it now and
expressvpn dot-com / let's play who's
this guy it's another gmod and you know
who we got Jeremy we got Ben and Tom
from yogscast what's up dudes yeah hey
how you doing guys so yogscast there
they're a bunch of let's players they
play gmod all the time so they're
probably gonna trounce us but if you
want to check them out you can check in
the description they have a live band to
shock the greenlight is happy yeah
detective pulp on the case thank you
thank you kind strangers as a double
daddy i live that life if I just sort
this out Trevor yeah I was singing baby
shark and there's her corpse yep alright
sharks dead over here someone went
apeshit with a sniper and killed
everyone the dead poet the next to a
lightsaber I don't want to put blame on
myself but like I feel like Gavin's not
capable of that oh god no I think Jeremy
oh you're both mad okay got it
okay so Jeremy what happened oh he's up
in the tower he's up in the tower oh
wait this isn't Jeremy the season
that was a stone-cold guys I found a
thing body oh you can you can you can
heal on this body like my friends
oh he's a vampeer
oh let's put him on the trapdoor and
make him oh god okay we hit this I guess
is the I guess the button is like just
standard okay we kill the bad guy yeah
I'm looking I'm looking
[Music]
thank you very much I was gonna try and
bend Jeremy down the fire hole but I got
my I've got my stun gun to murder me
Jeremy you're good I'm sorry hit you at
the back here take it
it's a gift oh sweet where's Michael so
who's bad dude I'm lost I'm just walking
around okay I think
I couldn't find you guys the hole that
was brutal I tried to use I don't care
what it is okay I grabbed it I got it
Gavin who do I shoot okay okay ooh I
feel in a been shot all right Jeremy
come here come here
hey Ben do you wanna be tested with oh
she said no she was definitely innocent
oh man my Karma's so bad right now are
you
[Applause]
[Laughter]
oh my god I'm scared I'm that's it I'm
going deeper into the Crypt no one came
hurtling in the crypt the only person I
can absolutely see work me team work
team all right
I've been following what's going on I
think I feel like I might usually leave
the golden Dee it's not us okay both of
us survived okay let's look at each
other I know I absolutely lit you up and
I okay I can only apologize it's time
man I got too much Jeremy and last lost
Tom oh he's a child what was that scream
the sewers in Tom threw me the baseball
bat started nodding so I slammed him
into the air with it and he tried
shooting people from the sky
we've got um we've got double jump on
our server so like getting the bat jump
is like oh not so bad man
congratulations on passing my cold eagle
test would like to stay alive please
should we do a no-kill round is a bad
person right and if you've got to give
cuz I just heard somebody blasted
shotgun
there was a guy's Mike Michael come with
me it's up okay
I feel like Ben just killed Trevor
Trevor no no he just saw me on past and
it spooked him yeah Ben killed Trevor
for sure what what's going on I just
booked him in it's been bad
I just running past in the shoot ghosts
and everybody do what are you yeah I
spend bad that's happening oh okay
where's Ben I'm hearing a lot of bad
things about this yeah word on the
street
sock bad Ben meet me at the Gazebo Oh
that'll get him I love a gazebo oh you
know I cut you it's my one weakness Tom
you know I can't resist a good gazebo in
waiting here for ya oh I just caught
some lag and fell off the roof
all my help some throw mom hey just
don't try and blow up Oh Ben then come
and join me in the gazebo this will see
if you're innocent
the dark also Tom just handed me a bat
and I was like he's bad right I just
heard
let's do a no-kill round as Jeremy blew
my face before we knew what we were I
was alive before second yeah Gavin I'd
like a stun gun please
yeah Gavin stun gun please oh my god
you're gonna run out stun guns with
panic buy them we gotta get down there
we're gonna hurt our runs dead okay a
bolt thought that plan it's still
bouncing around well there it is both
the cool Ben Wow
boomerang very strong Michael he's low
under boom rinse shampoo rinse Fiona
Oh God do what you can yield it's just
us with the Puma hey Michael you gotta
be calm down with those things like he
had no health I coulda shot up my dude I
was going boom crazy I stood in front of
about six people and I didn't think I
would die that in there and I saw
everyone was close I was like well
there's no way to kill these people
and so I throw it into the room and ran
away and everyone scream Oh God was so
funny cycle Princeton and then Fiona got
got by another groomer God I got she
[__] she followed me in the base Mike
suby I bought armor so I lived oh no oh
this is my execution area I'm going to
die oh you know Gavin we could stay here
and just be safe oh who put the smoke
Jeremy's gonna kill me he's bad okay you
need to chill out okay I'm just he's a
bad boy a normal guy he's a bad boy
Michael are you are you a jester you
just alright good Oh God as soon as I
heard yelling I was like is it Jeremy no
I thought it is Jeremy though not me Oh
Jeremy is something your Jess he's not
innocent
he's some I don't know what Michael's a
jester just being Michael I would never
jest well it seems like things are going
really well still unsure hey made it
this time buddy Oh fell again still
unsure let's do this weapons
get your sh together Michael Jeremy
disintegrates white blur to me and I am
I putting you down Ben is a badge do you
know like it's Ben and Trevor it's might
be it might be but I just don't believe
it Oh push the wrong button you know
what I mean
mmm I just hate it whiskey is much the
wrong button that's it you just don't
have enough space like with Fiona and
Gavin Michael's dead dude are you good
yes okay Trevor was it Michael did you
investigate him yeah I killed him all
right where's where's Ben okay right
[Laughter]
nowhere to be seen
okay so you guys were in the corner did
I just get barnacle oh I had trapped you
I'll do it so I saw you guys in the
corner goofing off so I smoked you in
there ran up over the roof
dropped down and shot you both and it
said I didn't have enough space to
revive you I thought Gavin was shooting
me I was really good and you both died
before you saw somebody just kill me I'm
the detective but I can't move because
I'm still in a bear trap I'm still
giggles on the ground somebody grab it
live for me I don't know I don't know
how to get out of this yeah don't fine
are you know slowly lose karma for that
oh yeah I'm gonna take his body
you kill me you know but I like seduce
us see researching us is my cool Wow
here take this Ben is he dead yes I'm
trying to know I'm using the DNA scanner
okay
customer oh that's a heavy landing well
was he we don't know
detective dead the detective is said so
okay well I can DNA the who else died
Michael okay Michael I'll swab him fine
yeah swab my yeah yeah
where is he come right on back to that
roof area here we go no no DNA found on
the target kill him that's a lie I'll do
it okay I think it's the Sorkin's yeah
no no no do not put down PO here's the
thing I saw Trevor die with my own two
eyes
oh I know that was also there
well because he was on the bear chat so
I'm trustworthy you know three old
Teletubby whole yo I've tried you a
person you have a replicant replacement
okay so who are you no that's the cost
sigh lon oh wait a second Jeremy in the
first round Jeremy I saw that and I was
like Oh Jeremy so we're in a conundrum
right now because Oh through the hollers
raggin who's through the boomerang was
it you Tom no we were we got sniped at
the beginning by Michael together that
Matt you could be a killer though oh
that's true
but I'm not I would have shot you look
I've got I've got I've got a mac-10
oh wait we've dead okay you're bad Ben I
mean you're using all job that is
already like everyone turned on each
other they're so amazing I saw the whole
thing I couldn't believe it I'm shooting
at Tom and Ben yeah I had the perfect
shot on your head and Tom walked in
front of you and took the hit watched it
right he saved your life
wait why'd you put that over there Ben
why are you doing that Ben Wow no more
boom-boom damn what boo boom that's good
cuz Ben put fire in the corner I think
it's bad well I figured anyone who hides
an attorney cap them if you're hiding in
a corner that means you're sorry like a
traitor like him listen let's do you
know the sharing spans you saw Michael
go inside you through the fire near my
Trevor's well you throw it at me never
kneecap him I peppered him up a little
bit nice I stay in the basement God you
guys stay out of the basement
yeah we'll carry on with our lives
no-no-no I'm at church I'm praying let
me just search the church for anybody's
name over at church yeah oh there's fee
yes yes making sure all my knees pray
alright I'm on my knees prayin
who's that that you've got um I don't
know I can't I can't identify it
ah oh he said a barnacle he said a
barnacle next to the fire be honest
Michael you were in there you were in
there where did you barkal up earlier
geez it's Trevor bad Trevor girl no no
I'm very hurt now though who just
shotgun to dead body
oh can you hide underneath it Oh put me
in it like a bucket sounds like murder
party out there
whoa whoa look at this you dead my boy
my sweet innocent boy so let's say it
I'm alive I'm alive - okay who killed
the sock the poor innocent sock probably
you know the Sharks down here in the
furnace room okay Tom if it's not I'm
gonna have to take out Gavin get kill
Gavin Gavin Bad's
if you're good I'm good also ow Gavin
definitely bad I'm good okay
are we both in sant I'm in a saute no
salt okay so let's go find Gavin unless
he's dead ah not no no you're not dead
so I'm gonna have to kill you Gavin
let's clean and simple I think it might
be down here okay hey Tom if I die I
hate you I tried to save you but I think
I just saw you in the back of the head
do you like how I saved your life I did
I was straight up gonna walk it was
about to walk into the church and
everyone was talking I said [__] I
might no no no no no he was about to
walk aright Tom - you want one yeah
ignite you know careful if I should have
the green one that seems against cannon
okay you've thrown me this is Palpatine
origins I'm gonna take him did you did
you just do that she would get off well
guess what I'm the [__] swapper and
I'm not dying I'm not Chinese
Jerry Jerry's bad Jeremy can't die in
here I'm still alive it's not me it's
Donna trampin anyone caught on the
traders no punches let's see if we can
see Fiona
very funny I killed the detective ever
killed the detective detective shark is
dead God
Michael can you get me out of here pull
me out of here I still hide warm in here
I like it one help oh it was it was you
yeah Oh
I helped off it was very funny the whole
Fiona thing what are you doing in there
man I'm in like I'm like madruga oh can
I get some coins off yeah like a golden
one wait wait wait
Michael be this you just turned green
though did you Michael Michael Michael
helmet all right watch it trust Frank
and you can trust me okay shocking Pope
on the case
sake and pulp on the case I think the
lights just went out cuz I heard wait is
the detective just he was gonna
perhaps night shooting I think she is
though cuz I heard it no Jeremy don't
you heckle sniper shot that's common
well do you see my mighty transformer
palace yes oh my god what am i cool Yuri
when you're a transformer oh my god
transform into a wheel gamer I'm a
transform I'm here to save mankind that
can kill me it probably and then either
I'm gonna kill me or I'll catch you this
is like a Hail Mary you be the g-man
corpse probably not okay hold still
well oh it's Trevor Trevor's bad
nonsense I killed the man that tried to
kill the other men and ladies where's
Trevor he went in the fire room
I went nowhere now he's in the living
room oh my god you friend Roger dinner
oh he ate he killed the shot
oops oops POTUS I'm sorry did I did I oh
he's in the firearm still hello well I
was protecting you
so that I'm like I'm like when Ben
walked in it's just he's just had like a
startled reaction hey gab for the last
round I want you to test my headshot
okay
last round round he's definitely my head
off but I feel like he might shoot me in
the body just to make it hurt I mean I
need a gun gun Oh here do I mind
sure Oh a lot went down right there wait
here there huh well that's all right let
me let me try oh that's a pistol use it
use this I go this way
Oh does it okay put it right to my
forehead the other issues I really want
to see this wow it works yeah well yeah
look bad
what happened I was like I'm gonna shoot
him with a golden welcome to my town no
he wasn't bad Ben is not Michael Michael
is but I think himself no he's oh no he
shot Ben's golden eagle
I saw him dying you running behind he
looked very special no I was behind when
he died Fiona what's going on man I'm
just I just protecting myself
okay please okay okay so I'm confirmed
good I don't know about anybody else
your first he said you know who is bad
man and he exploded that's what we'll
always have Wells's left
ow ow I was shot who shot me god damn
soccer ball okay let's put him in his
little place [__] box he was a box is
the best one I don't know what he is
anymore I don't know what he is anything
this one I hear who are you
oh my god he's not just in the boxes
guys I don't know how you wound up in
the ceiling
I hear you what are you doing how did
you do that
what I killed him I killed him oh and
stole his power is it just the three of
us there's no one else alive yeah it's
you think so you been are you sure you
killed tom he's very Trixie I'm pretty
sure he looked he didn't just tell me
tell you he didn't just turn into a
coldie he was swinging man he looked
dead if it wasn't so hard to find
directions every door is locked
oh it's just frustrating it's extremely
fun I found him Michael Oh Tony you know
adjustor so Michael your bad
and I can't yeah I'm sorry okay Michael
with some big toe Jeremy I was very
excited to be the hypnotist then you
went double or nothing when you're he's
fast he dies fast yeah well there's uh
watching Gavin if Fiona will be in there
video over on their channel as well so
once again you have another time gonna
be out right now Wow
like believe you can click that link try
I believe in you my god let's stop
[Music]
[Applause]